Due to its ~1.5gb size, Patchwork Conquest could not be uploaded directly to GitHub;
however, if this synopsis and trailer peaks your interest, please follow this link:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TAH4yJ0wey6Zv5c9wAGnhs-OSF6PBD6D . Upon downloading
the folder, simply click the executable with the black unreal icon, and, after a small 
unreal instillation if you didn't have it already, you will be prompted to input your 
username. Once the information is saved by pushing accept, push the back button to go 
to the main menu. After this initial player save is created, this will be the normal 
welcoming landing page. 

Now, to play the actual game, click match select, and choose whether you are hosting 
or joining a match. If you have no other players, you can still host a single player 
game. If joining, select the join option and then select if you are joining a 
previously hosted game that is LAN or online, which will shortly 
prompt you to accept the game. Otherwise, if you want to host a game, click the host 
option, and then input the amount of players and your aforementioned networking setting.
Upon clicking accept for either the host or join page, you will navigate to a lobby area
that will prompt you to select your character class: Threader, Seam Ripper, or Pin Pusher. 
The threader is the default class that is used to thread tiles for your team to gain 
points; whereas the Seam Ripper is a defensive class with a heavier weapon to defend 
your team and their land. Finally, a Pin Pusher is the only ranged class in the game, 
excelling at rapid amounts of damage. 

Once every desired player has joined and selected their class, the host will start the
game, whereupon each team will spawn on their side of space territory. The goal of this 
entire game as hinted previously, is to have your threader run to the enemy territory, 
and claim it for their own by right clicking on the individual land tile. As easy as 
that sounds, navigating a diverse set of tiles and jumping across the zero gravity
no mans land in the middle can lead to many opportunities for strategy to form favoring
either team equally. Final rule is, Have FUN, and enjoy the Patchwork Conquest!